everybody this is Brian again from
sneaker Falls comm and today we were
showing you that Nike air hockey this
actually has released in Europe at JD
Sports already on May 1st and it isn't
it's unknown if they're gonna hit the
state so for now we're gonna call this a
JD Sports exclusive official colorway is
a military blue obsidian white and black
they retail for 85 euro which equals to
about 143 USD and if you want to grab a
pair they have some sizes left at JD
Sports right now okay now it's time for
a close-up as you can see our uppers
have a mixture of obsidian in military
blue as well as soft leather and mesh a
big fan of these just because of the
mesh and everything and the way it locks
down great for the summer keeping your
feet very breathable some more mesh on
side panels right above the midsole at
the heel
you see the Nike branding
alright comes with one set of blue laces
as you can see on the town has the
herati logo by Nike the liner is uh
might be difficult to pick that up but
it's obsidian while on the insole we
have a military blue Nike swoosh our
midsole all white with military blue
speckled kind of a nice fresh look
and to our sole predominant military
blue with some white hints in again
military blue for the neck year branding
so there isn't enough an official
nickname for them but you can call
military blue you know make one up
alright so there was your look at the
Nike Air Karachi we're gonna just call a
military blue or even JD Sports
exclusive they released May 1st 2014 at
JD Sports talk on and it's not known if
they're gonna hit the US so if you need
a parent want a pair you can head over
there and read Snell is 85 euro which
roughly comes out to 143 USD and
official colorway is military blue
obsidian white and black thanks for
watching stay tuned and sneaker falls
comm and of course remember to subscribe